[dramatic music playing]
[Silvermane] Gonna meet a new supplier
- at the docks tomorrow.
- It's not smart
for you to go out in public
till we know who tried to take you out.
You were saying Flint's your bodyguard.
He protects me. and he's loyal.
Are we gonna talk about the fact
that he turned into some kind
of sand monster?
[Cat] Started about six months ago.
and it's been getting worse.
This little guy right over here: Addison.
Can't say I've ever seen him.
[Ben] He's the guy that burned down
Silvermane's mansion.
[Robbie] I am a reporter working a story
on James Addison's death.
- Jimmy's dead?
- He burned down the wrong house.
I don't know who hired him.
His wife might.
I got a hunch that you wouldn't want
the city's most ruthless gangster knowing
that the money someone paid
your husband to kill him
was being spent on lobster
and designer clothes.
- Mister...?
- Carmedy.
Okay. Carmedy.
my rate's ten dollars a day plus--
- But you'll get pictures.
- [Janet] Am I crazy
- or is that the goddamn mayor of New York?
- [Robbie] Cops had an ambush
set up for Silvermane at the docks.
Someone gave them a tip
about a booze exchange.
Cops were all set to catch the man himself
- in the act. but Silvermane never showed.
- [yelling]
What the hell did I just do?
[desk scraping on floor]
[Janet] So it's really settled?
I'm not a fan of constant redecorating.
I handled it.
Silvermane won't be back around here.
You know. this would go quicker
if either of you pitched in.
- [grunts]
- [Robbie] Oh.
- Oh. you needed help with that?
- [grunts]
Seemed like a one-man job.
Can't be that easy. can it?
Not that I don't believe you. but--
No. no. This was like that before.
I am not talking about the desk
and you know it.
[sighs] God.
Imagine surviving a war
just to be killed at home.
Addison didn't die a banker.
I mean. the guy
torched things for a living.
Besides. his wife knew
exactly what he was up to.
She seemed to be doing just fine
living it up at the Geoffrey Hotel.
Well. who wouldn't?
[Robbie] Son of a bitch.
I met this guy at the Hooverville.
He's the one who pointed me
to Addison's widow.
So he knows both Addison and Flint Marko.
Two men with weird powers all of a sudden.
What are the chances?
Exactly.
I'm gonna go find this guy again.
ask him some more questions.
[door closes]
What are you thinking about over there?
I'm thinking I want you to check
if those three were ever POWs.
Our units were segregated.
So this guy couldn't have served directly
with Addison and Flint.
So how come
they're all in the same picture?
You know. sometimes I think
you forget I do this for a living.
Mm. Can't imagine why.
[knocking]
- [tense music playing]
- [creaking]
Ben Reilly?
I come in peace.
Finn Byrne.
We haven't been formally introduced.
but...
- we have someone in common.
- [Ben] In that case.
uh. welcome?
What happened to your muscle?
Couldn't find a woman to push around?
I believe you owe the lady an apology.
Come on. Reilly. I've got a job for you.
[creaking]
I'll take that apology now.
[grunts]
Why me?
Why not. uh. Winston?
Or one of your other guys?
I have Winston looking into
where this Addison boy came from.
Maybe there are others like him.
After me little run-in
with your pal The Spider.
I really see the value
of having friends with superpowers.
Oh. yeah?
[groans]
All right. now. I need your help
with a rat problem.
You see. somebody sent Addison
to burn down my house.
And I'm assuming the same somebody tipped
off the cops about my booze shipment.
Got any leads?
You know. it's probably someone
on the inside.
[sighs]
I thought it might be a guy on my payroll.
Flint Marko.
He's been acting strange lately. too.
But he didn't know
about the shipment. so...
he's either in the clear
or dead at the hands of the rat.
I want you to find out who it is.
Start with the police raid.
Someone always gets paid.
But the only thing
you can trust is human nature.
[groans] Jesus. [sniffs]
Remember.
people lie. Reilly.
Only money tells the truth.
A retainer.
There'll be a bonus if you finish the job.
- [door closes]
- So that's how you fixed it--
we work for him now?
Getting paid is better
than getting murdered.
Hard to argue with that.
"People lie. Only money tells the truth."
The hell does that mean?
Must be something
rich people say at cocktail parties.
Not that I'll ever know.
Wait a minute.
What?
You didn't know they made bills that big?
I heard a rumor there's even 100.
Crafty bastard marks all of his bills.
Do we still have any of that money
from Cat Hardy?
We ought to.
Unless you've been sneaking off
to gamble it on horses.
- Here.
- He's marking mine.
He's probably marking hers.
Anything?
[Ben] Bingo.
[♪ Kirby sings "Saving Grace"]
♪ The colors fading from the photograph ♪
♪ I could tell the story ♪
♪ but still you wouldn't know the half ♪
♪ This love was brought to life
from shards of glass ♪
♪ When you kiss me there's a shifting ♪
♪ in the sepia tone ♪
♪ Can't escape the madness.
baby. magnetism ♪
♪ Run away but something
pulls me back into it ♪
♪ Lately I've been staring
at a broken mirror ♪
♪ Needing someone to call my own ♪
♪ Hey. lover ♪
♪ I need someone to save me now ♪
♪ from all the pain ♪
♪ I suffer ♪
♪ and the heavy world
that weighs me down ♪
♪ 'Cause the world ain't sweet ♪
♪ It's bitter to taste ♪
♪ But you could be ♪
♪ my saving grace ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[song ends]
- Newspapers! Come get your newspapers!
- [indistinct chatter]
Seven police injured
in wild liquor raid on the docks.
[continues indistinctly]
Newspapers!
- Come get your newspapers.
- [Ben muttering]
That one. That one.
[♪ Benny Goodman plays
"All the Cats Join In"]
[clearing throat]
[coughing loudly]
[groans]
Are you hurt. sir?
Years ago.
Caught a slug in the line of duty.
and your good colleagues
at this very hospital saved my leg.
God bless you all for the service
you provide this city.
What's your name. sweetheart?
Officer Batnick with
the Patrolman's Benevolent Association.
Can I trouble you
for the room numbers of the boys
that came in from last night's raid?
Patrolman Jones
- is right behind you. honey.
- Oh. thank you.
♪ ♪
- [door closes]
- Patrolman Jones.
Officer Batnick
with the Benevolent Association.
Quite the scene
you walked into last night.
Raiding the Silvermane shipment.
You're a very brave man.
Doesn't feel like it.
Now. I'm here on behalf of the union
to ensure
that our city's esteemed officers
are properly compensated
for their injuries.
After all. a patrolman only goes
where he's told. right?
Glad someone understands how it works.
You got no choice in the matter.
Been there. see?
Orders are orders.
See?
So who told you where to go?
Sergeant Miller.
- [lighter flicks]
- You know.
when things go wrong in the field.
the higher-ups wind up carrying the can
for the injuries to their men.
Friend to friend. you could be in
for a little trouble down the road.
Especially with guys like Jones.
Jones?
What the hell did Jones say?
These raids.
they're meant to take weeks of prep.
All we got was a measly couple hours.
Pinning it on me is bullshit.
If they want to blame anyone.
you should be talking to--
Lieutenant Dunn.
Let's just call it what it was.
a total shit show.
Brave men sent to ambush
our city's toughest mobster
with little time or information
now lay injured all over this hospital.
Does that sound fair to them?
I get orders like everybody else.
Think you can say no
to the chief of police?
Like to see you try.
Do I need to remind you
that you're lying on your stomach
with a bullet stuck in your ass?!
When the chief tells you these orders
came straight from Mayor Morris.
there are no questions left to ask.
The mayor himself. huh?
It's no good. It's broken.
Two payphones down this morning.
this one and the one across
from the delicatessen.
If it ain't one thing. it's another.
[chuckles] Yeah.
I tell you. when Harriet told me
Gimbels was hiring.
I raced down here.
Didn't even stop to change my stockings.
And then I got on the subway
and the guy goes. "Ten cents."
- Get out of--
- [phone rings]
[picks up phone]
Hello? Okay.
756 West 57th.
Got it. Thanks. Janet.
I lied.
[mysterious music playing]
[Robbie] Scuse me. Scuse me. ma'am.
- Ma'am. a moment of your time?
- [dog barking in distance]
[indistinct chatter]
Say. brother. you seen...
big Black motherfucker about this tall?
[whistle blowing]
On authority of Mayor Morris.
this illegal camp's to be cleared!
[indistinct shouting]
Vacate immediately!
- [shouting]
- Go!
[shouting]
- Get over here!
- [grunting]
[shouting]
Get on the ground!
[groaning]
[woman screaming]
Stop!
Let go of me. Lonnie!
Help me! Lonnie!
Hey. Hey! Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey!
Leave her be. now. Let her go.
We're all leaving.
- [yells]
- [Lonnie groans]
- [groans]
[tense music playing]
[shuddering]
[grunts]
- [grunts]
- [groans]
- [indistinct shouting]
- [man] He's a monster.
Shit.
I told you to get ou-- [grunting]
What the hell?
[grunts]
[man] There's another one!
- [grunts]
- I'm a reporter!
- I'm with the Bugle.
- Who cares?
- [whimpers]
- [grunts]
- [yells]
- Take it easy now.
- Get him!
- [grunting]
- [groaning]
[grunting]
[yells]
[grunts loudly]
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
[horn honking in distance]
- Hey.
- [snapping]
I'm looking for a guy. Carmedy.
You know him?
Immense. Unctuous.
More pinniped than human.
Pinni-ped?
He's so pinniped-like.
you wouldn't believe it.
Mm.
He's a big guy.
Smells like sauerkraut.
Well?
You're talking about Hicks.
Apartment four.
[chuckling]
Temperance begins with faith.
[groans]
[knocking]
- [creaking]
- Oh. no.
No. [grunts]
No. Ow!
Ow! [grunts]
Ow!
[grunts] Ow.
[groans]
Gosh. I hope your arm's okay.
But closing a door on a guy--
is that how you treat a friend?
That's not what we are.
And here I thought
we could braid each other's hair.
Now. I've got a few questions.
Be a good boy
- and I'll pay you for your trouble.
- [sighs]
- Well. go on then.
- Who hired you
to get those photos
of the mayor and Cat Hardy?
Nobody hired me.
I'm a smut merchant.
Mayor cheats on wife with lounge singer?
During an election?
Anybody would tell you that's a doozy.
Would've gotten them myself. too. but...
[knocking]
How'd you know it was happening?
I got a tip from Morris's office
that he scheduled a meeting with the girl.
He called her?
She called him.
I'd meet with her. too. Wouldn't you?
[muffled pulsing. warbling]
[Carmedy speaks indistinctly]
I thought it'd be a gold mine.
Sell 'em to the papers. you know.
or-or the mayor himself.
Could get out of this shithole.
Here we are.
Is there a back way out of here?
[tense music playing]
[lock turns]
[♪ Dinah Shore sings "Dearly Beloved"]
Ever heard of a telephone?
Trying to save a nickel.
Handsome and thrifty.
Is he thirsty. too?
I won't say no.
♪ How clearly ♪
♪ I see ♪
♪ Somewhere in heaven ♪
[grunts]
♪ you were fashioned for me ♪
♪ Angel eyes...
It's a bit much. isn't it?
Doesn't feel like you.
I imagined something with a bit more...
- edge.
- Ah.
So we're imagining things now?
Find me someone who wouldn't.
[sighs]
So...
have you found Flint?
Working a few leads.
but nothing. uh. concrete.
Could've said that
before I got you the drink.
I can always find a reason to linger.
Fact is. I had to take a pause on Flint.
Silvermane turned up today
and hired me to find a rat in his crew.
You didn't like hearing that.
The part where you're not doing the job
I hired you for?
Or the part where you're working
for Silvermane?
I don't like either.
You see. this place doesn't feel like me.
Because it's not mine.
There is nothing Silvermane didn't choose.
And if he gave it to me.
then he can take it all away.
And then some.
Any chance your boy Flint's
involved in betraying him
and that's why he disappeared?
No. Flint is loyal to a fault.
- What about the mayor?
- What about him?
Booze is Silvermane's bread and butter.
Mayor's calling for an end to prohibition.
bragging about the raid.
Doesn't look good. you fraternizing
with the enemy the other night.
I'm trying to help you.
- Anything you want to tell me?
- Sure.
I'm scared.
You would be. too.
Maybe you've forgotten.
but Silvermane didn't get to where he is
by being calm and rational.
He'll get rid of 50 if it means
he's sure he's got the one.
It's too easy to get caught
in the crossfire when that happens.
Try to remember that.
If not for me...
...then for you.
[song ends]
[exhales]
[grunts]
[creaking]
[mysterious music playing]
[Winston] Reilly. What are you doing here?
Well. well. well.
If it ain't Mr. Whiskers
searching for some cheese.
And what the hell
is that supposed to mean?
Your boss sent you out looking for supers.
but here you are instead
covering your tracks.
just like a rat. huh. Mr. Whiskers?
You need to watch your mouth.
- I have heard that. yes.
- I don't care
if Silvermane hired you.
I'm gonna find the rat.
put him in the ground.
Must sting.
not being trusted by the big boss anymore.
He'll know he can trust me soon enough.
Well. if you need a little help
from a professional in that effort.
I could speed things up a bit.
Maybe even share what I find.
Not for nothing. of course.
There's nothing worse
than a man that's only loyal to money.
You find anything.
I don't care whose favorite
lounge singer they are.
you come to me first.
Come on. Gio.
♪ ♪
[Robbie] And nobody could stop him.
I mean. at one point.
he had half a dozen cops on him
- whacking him with nightsticks...
- [door closes]
...but he was indestructible.
[Ben] Who?
The guy from the picture.
His name is Lonnie Lincoln.
Turns out he's got powers. too.
I mean. cops were attacking him. but he
was swatting 'em off like it was nothing.
And Flint. My God. man.
- His hands were like boulders.
- Wait. wait. Flint?
You're saying Flint Marko was there?
He sure was.
Say. can I borrow your darkroom?
I was the only reporter there.
and the story is mine.
as long as nobody poaches it.
This could be my ticket back to the Bugle.
[Janet] Here's something
for your story.
Ben's hunch was right.
Marko. Addison. and your Lincoln fella
were all POWs together.
That photo Ben found
was from the day they were rescued.
Darkroom. Photos.
Right now.
[door opens]
[creaking]
Hunch. huh?
We both know three POWs
from the same camp with super abilities
isn't a coincidence.
So what aren't you telling me?
I can't get into it right now.
Seriously?
Suddenly you're not the only guy
in New York with powers
and you can't get into it right now?
- I have to fix something.
- No. no.
None of this cryptic shit.
- What the hell is going on?
- Silvermane
hired me to find the rat in his crew.
and it's Cat Hardy.
The singer?
- How do you know?
- She's been meeting with the mayor.
and then he called for the raid.
She's close with Flint.
and he served with Addison.
- You sure?
- She's the only one
who connects all the pieces.
Wow. that is bold.
Winston's only a step away.
and if he finds out she was behind it.
he'll kill her.
[dramatic music playing]
I need Vera Addison's room number
at the Geoffrey.
I have a plan.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [newsie] Extra. extra! Read all about it!
Mayor cracking down on Hooverville!
[tense music playing]
Peanuts! Hot roasted peanuts here!
♪ ♪
[cool music playing]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [vendor] Here you go. sir.
[newsie] Extra!
Three for a nickel!
♪ ♪
[horn honks]
Extra!
Read all about it.
[vendor] Peanuts!
Hot roasted peanuts here!
[newsie] Murderers' Row ready for Boston!
Read all about it!
[tense music playing]
Get your goddamn paws off me.
Take it easy. pal.
I'm just trying to make a living.
[newsie] Extra. extra!
Read all about it!
♪ ♪
[cool music playing]
I'd say "Don't be alarmed. Vera."
but you don't appear to be.
What do you want?
Questions about your husband's last job.
Specifically who hired him.
I'm not interested in talking.
I wasn't with the last guy.
and I'm not now.
Even if you're the one in danger?
[whistling]
Let me make this easier for you.
What if I told you I knew
that it was Cat Hardy?
If I know. then the others
will find out soon enough.
Best thing you can do
is leave town. and fast.
Silvermane will kill you
to get that information.
Or pay me.
I'm not stupid. mister.
You're here for her. not me.
And if you're protecting her.
I've got a proposition for you.
- What's that?
- You pay me
a thousand dollars. and I'm gone.
A thousand?
I don't even know what that looks like.
Mm.
I bet Silvermane has that and then some.
- I'll just tell him it's Cat myself.
- Slow down.
I'll get you your money.
You just stay out of trouble until then.
[door closes]
What a dump.
Get the man a drink.
Educate yourself. Try the Green Spot.
Ten-year-old Irish pot still whiskey.
Not what you're used to.
but I'm sure you can live with it.
[exhales] It'll do.
You must think I'm out of touch.
[Ben] Money. power?
Not a lot of it going around right now.
yet here you are in a castle tower.
That's a testament to what you've built.
It must be nice.
not having to look over your shoulder.
So unconcerned with your possessions
'cause you have so little.
You'd be surprised at how much people
will fight for what little they have.
Do you know what entropy is. Reilly?
The universe trends to disorder.
Can't help itself.
All you can do is fight
to keep the chaos from your door.
[dark music playing]
But like I said. you're lucky.
You don't have anything
anyone wants to take. [laughs softly]
Maybe not.
But here's some friendly advice
all the same.
Whoever the rat turns out to be.
you can't be emotional about it.
even if it breaks your heart.
And if someone should come to you
saying they have all the answers.
know that they're lying.
You know who it is. don't you?
Doesn't matter what I know
until I can prove it.
Well. the quicker you prove it.
the quicker they die.
So. what are you waiting for?
Thanks for the drink.
It was just what I needed.
[web squishes]
[Robbie] This is an exclusive. Walters.
The Bugle will be
the only ones to have it.
No one else was there.
I am the only one with these.
Mm-hmm.
- [door closes]
- How you been? You look good.
Well. you know. I'm getting by.
- Say. listen. I was hoping--
- Oh. you still got the eye.
I'll give you that.
Well. I'm the same guy I always been.
- Tell me the story.
- So.
the cops came in frothing at the mouth.
Now. uh. Lincoln.
uh. he was just trying
to help his neighbor.
He and Marko. they're both veterans.
But now they're living in a Hooverville
with these mysterious powers.
Superpowers. Ah.
Just like The Spider.
Before the asshole
decided to take a powder.
Someone should've told him
a depression was coming. [laughs]
- [laughs]
- Now you are bringing me two of them?
The public can't get enough of this stuff.
The papers will sell like crazy.
Write it up.
I want to go with this
in the next edition.
Say. am I getting my old desk back
to write it at?
Well. let's not run
before we can walk. huh?
Um. for now. it'll be off the books.
you know. on the QT.
But you keep bringing me more like this.
and then we can talk about
bringing you back full-time.
Like those old Spider days. [chuckles]
- Good to see you again. Walters.
- [laughs]
- Open or closed?
- Uh. closed.
Okay.
[Ben] So. I want you to be me. You know.
like one of those guys in the movies.
You know. Bogie. Cagney. uh. Eddie G.
You know. you c-can wear the hat.
you can smoke a cigarette.
Y-You're cool.
I want you to be cool. Hey!
Focus. And quit casing my place.
I ain't doing nothing.
I need to rely on you. Frankie.
Can I rely on you?
I'm your man.
[suspenseful music playing]
[snoring]
- [creaking]
- [suspenseful music playing]
[mobster] Anything?
He's been up there all night.
[quirky music playing]
[radio host] Calling all
junior detectives.
Calling all junior detectives.
Tonight's Mystery Hour is about to begin.
[snoring]
[muffled pulsing. warbling]
[amplified clicking]
[Silvermane snorts]
[atmospheric music playing]
♪ ♪
[wind gusts]
Boys!
Hey. boss?
- Well?
- Balcony door was open.
No one's here.
Think it was the wind.
All right. well. check it again.
[tense music playing]
All clear. boss.
[indistinct chatter]
[footsteps approaching]
[laughs softly]
I taught you well.
I should shoot you for running away.
Well. how about kissing me
for coming back?
[dramatic music playing]
I've been so scared. Flint.
I didn't know where you were.
what was happening to you.
It's all right.
I never should have run. but I'm back now.
Something has happened.
With Silvermane.
I'll talk to him.
Whatever it is. it can be fixed.
No. No. I don't want to fix it.
And I don't care about Silvermane.
- What?
- I don't care about what he wants.
I don't care about
what you think you owe him.
I just want us to be together.
If you love me...
- Don't start with that--
- If you really love me.
you won't ask any questions.
you'll just leave with me right now.
Done.
Really?
Yeah.
Pack a bag.
[ominous music playing]
- [Flint grunts]
- Are you okay?
- No...
- What's the matter?
Why did you turn away from me?
Nothing. It's nothing.
No! No. no. no. Stop. Flint.
- No. Flint! Stop. please! Please.
- I can't!
I can't!
[tense music playing]
There's no turning it off.
There's no fixing me.
- There has to be a way.
- [groans]
We'll find a way.
[panting]
It's a fantasy.
Kidding myself I could have this life.
I could have you.
- [crying]
- [door opens]
You see this?
They smashed up the cops.
I'd have paid to see that.
Reilly?
He didn't leave all night.
[Ben] That's right.
Keep following me.
I need you at The Alcove today.
I want you to keep an eye
on Cat Hardy for me.
And. uh. as promised.
Look at me.
- an honest working man.
- That's right.
Now. if Ms. Hardy goes anywhere.
I want to know about it.
You got it. boss.
That's right. folks.
Monsters in the streets.
Get your copy while they last.
Monsters on the loose.
[Robbie] That...
is not what I wrote.
[mutters softly]
"A routine sweep of a city Hooverville
revealed two violent monsters
looking to harm all they came across..."
I never called them monsters.
"Only with the help
of our heroic police force
did the residents escape
with their lives..."
See. that. that is not what happened.
He took my name
and put it on a bunch of lies.
The pictures are great.
What?
[quirky music playing]
[Ben] One hundred. two hundred.
three hundred.
four hundred. five hundred.
six hundred. seven hundred. eight hundred.
nine hundred. a thousand.
A deal's a deal.
You know what to do.
Oh. look at that. shiny apples. Here.
- Here you go. All right.
- [vendor] Oh. Grazie.
[tense music playing]
Hey. buddy. that was my foot.
Mi scusi.
- [Cat over phone] Hello?
- It's Ben. I need to see you.
Why?
I'll explain when I get there.
Just stay put.
Someone wants to talk to you.
Well. I'm busy. They can wait.
Unhand my shoulder or lose your nose.
It's the mayor.
♪ ♪
I want a line to The Spider.
The guy from five years ago?
I thought he was dead.
I happen to know he's alive and well.
Well. then. you know more than I do.
Look. don't play dumb with me. pal.
Back in the day.
you were always in the right place
to snap a picture of The Spider.
Whatever your deal is with him.
that's your business.
You just tell your buddy
that I need to talk to him.
Crime is out of control.
People are scared.
and t-the city needs order.
That why you're picking
a fight with Silvermane?
Didn't he bankroll your first campaign?
Silvermane is a ruthless criminal
who has squeezed this city long enough.
Just get me in touch with The Spider.
Make yourself a new friend.
I can't wait.
I believe in you. Ben Reilly.
[Ben] Oh. my gosh. thank you so much.
Where the hell you been?
She took a cab to Penn Station
ten minutes ago.
[exciting music playing]
- [gasps]
- Just shush.
Get out or you're coming with me.
Penn Station on the double.
♪ ♪
Cat.
Why are you here?
You really aren't a very good detective.
are you?
You don't strike me
as the kind of woman who runs.
Maybe I lost my last reason
to stick around.
What do you say we cut the fancy talk?
You found Addison through Flint
and paid him to bomb Silvermane's mansion.
You tipped off Morris
about the booze shipment.
You're Silvermane's rat.
The only thing I don't know is why.
You know. you boys are all the same.
You come up with your own little stories
and you make everyone else fit them.
Silvermane treats me like a damn doll.
Flint thinks I'm afraid of him
and you think I'm a killer.
I am done with people telling me
who I am and what I get to do.
- You ask me why I'm leaving?
- [Winston] Hey. Reilly.
[suspenseful music playing]
There you are.
And look. a bonus.
I guess I am the luckiest guy in New York.
[sighs] Man.
I should've known you were in it together.
Now the boss can take care of both of you.
Move.
[train rattling on tracks]
♪ ♪
You know. dick. I got to give you credit.
You came close.
Too bad you couldn't get
the Addison widow out of town.
I only had to slap her around
a little bit to get the truth.
What a guy.
Yeah. well. a prick to the end. huh?
Might be the only thing I like about you.
[engine turns off]
♪ ♪
[Winston] I caught them both
trying to skip town. boss.
It looks like Reilly was in on it.
The guy with all the answers.
[gasps]
You didn't think
you'd be seeing her again. did you?
This is Addison's widow.
She's also the only person who knows
who hired her dearly deceased husband.
She didn't want to talk. but. uh...
...she came around.
Right? [chuckles]
Hurry up. unless you want
to join your husband.
- This is a--
- Quiet.
Let's hear what the widow has to say.
He told me it was Cat Hardy.
That she paid him a thousand dollars
to burn down your mansion.
[Winston] What'd I tell you. huh?
You can dress up a stray dog
however you like. it'll still bite you.
So you've said.
It's not true.
- It's not me.
- [Winston chuckles]
Lying to the end. huh?
I always knew
it was just a matter of time with you.
It's a good story. I'll give you that.
You got proof?
Yeah. Show them.
Come on.
She couldn't quite manage to blow it all.
Too bad. huh?
[laughs]
[stifled laugh]
Where does your money come from. Winston?
[suspenseful music playing]
From you.
That's right. From me.
And did you know that I mark all my bills?
A different spot for every schmuck
on my payroll.
Guess where I mark yours.
What?
That's not possible.
There's nothing worse than a man
who's only loyal to money.
You son of a bitch.
[Vera] I bet Silvermane has that
and then some.
Maybe I'll go talk to him.
[Ben] Crafty bastard
marks all of his bills.
You set me up?
[Silvermane] People lie. Reilly.
Only money tells the truth.
It was him. He threatened
to kill me if I said otherwise.
You lying bitch. I'll rip your goddamn--
- [gunshot]
- [gasps]
[clears throat]
[gun cocks]
You good with a shovel. Reilly?
Why?
We'll be needing another grave.
[atmospheric music playing]
♪ ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-